Covid 19 has brought to light the true condition of our healthcare system and its clearly alarming, We here at ADPCare aim to change the situation and to provide every individual with proper healthcare facilities. Objectives 1) Ambulance availability – there has been some progress in this department in covid times, but studies have time and again shown us, that even a basic facility like ambulance is indeed a luxury India. We will be showing the status of no. of ambulance and the facilities available in it via a mobile app and via website according to the location . 2) Bed availability – the condition is similar to that of ambulance’s , the availability and category ( ICU etc ) of beds in hospitals affiliated to ADPCare will be displaced on the app and website. 3) 3) Patient Status – The status of patient i.e. if he has taken the medicine, has had food, the oxygen levels etc would be displayed in Patient account in the website /App. 4) 4) Payment Status -The payment status of the patient is also available in his account . Implementation of project:-

Ambulance availability-It is basically a dynamic website where ADP care will update the data(Number of available ambulance ) in the website so that it will be visible to anyone so anyone who is looking for ambulance have to put his/her pin code in the website and number of available ambulance to his/her nearby hospital is visible to him/her.
Bed Availability-As it is a dynamic website ADP care team can update the availability of the beds in the hospital to the website so that is visible to any one so anyone can check in which hospital how many numbers of beds are available .
Patient Status-There will be Individual account of the patient in our web server so that family member of the patient can log in to his/her account there patient’s family member can see the complete status of his /her patient like whether he/she has taken the medicine, whether he/she has taken the food ,oxygen level in the patient and other important ingredient level in the patient and the total fee till that day all these information available to patient login database in in our website .The ADP care team will update all these information in their patient database so that his/her family member can see the patient status
Payment status-As Our project can be implemented in both government as well as in private hospital so what ever total fees charge by hospital will be available in the patient account in the website.
Application 1) Management of Hospitals linked to ADP care all management activity can be implement by our project . 2) Penetration towards rural medical infrastructure.

Final Outcome:-

Number of available ambulance is visible in the website
Numbers of beds available to different location is visible in the website
Status of the patient such as oxygen level glucose level and other important ingredient level and other data such as whether patient has taken food and medicine and total cost till that day available in patient account family member of the patient can view this status
Total payment bill is also visible in the patient account 5) Customer review of that particular hospital is also visible in the website .
how we plan on building upon your idea after the campaign is over. This is the most important aspect of our ambitious project, we aim to obtain government affiliation for implementation of the plan, every beneficiary will be provided with a Medicare card linked to their Aadhar card, they would have their login id via which they can access the above-mentioned facilities through the app or website. Their neighboring hospitals under ADP care would be categorized according to their specialty, capacity and customer review, and the would be provided easy access via their Medicare card. We at ADPCare would just be looking after the management aspect of the hospitals so that doctors can just focus on the medical aspect and treating patients.

Mental stability – it is very clear now that mental stability of a patient while he/she is in hospital is as much important as treating the illness, we would have a counselor to look after this aspect of patients.
Food and Sanitation – food would be provided to patients based on their preference, at most care regarding sanitation and condition of hospitals would be taken as we are a service provider
We will be signing exclusivity agreement with companies that manufacture oxygen, imp medicines etc. hence coping with the availability in need
Management linked to Aadhar and affiliated to govt services, i.e. easy management of data via Medicare card.
Implementation in providing low cost services.
Smooth management of the healthcare sector as a whole so that no individual loose their loved ones due to improper management.
Looking after the mental aspect of patients and providing their family members with their status to counter the stress normally faced in such situations.
